And I expected more from you.
Haley, what are you talking about?
Gossiping about my posts!
Are you that lonely
that you’ve got nothing better to do?
Haley,
wait, please!
I don’t know what’s happening.
Did you talk to Emily about my posts?
Yes, we did . . .
So you gossiped about me.
No, I would . . .
I looked up to you!
I would never . . .
You’re supposed to be the mature one,
and you’re just like Emily,
busy running your mouth.
Haley!
Look, I can see you’re upset,
but trust me,
this is a huge misunderstanding.
I love you.
I would never ever say anything
behind your back.
So please calm down.
Sometimes I just feel so alone
—between Nana and work—
and then knowing all of you
are talking about me.
I promise, that’s not what happened.
You’re just really tired and overwhelmed.
So why don’t we
just slow things down a little.
You know, meetings
always make me feel better,
even on my worst days.
Why don’t we go inside,
clean up a little,
and enjoy the program together.
Then afterward, we can all talk.
I promise, it’ll be OK.
I don’t know how this happened
but, Haley, I’m sorry.
It hurts me to see you so upset.
I can’t believe you two.
First,
what you heard
was not what I said.
Well, I thought that was how you felt.
And even if I got that part wrong,
all this drama?
Now stop!
Come on, girls.
Haley, come closer.
“Love is patient and kind.”
It’s not jealous.
It doesn’t become provoked,
even when things become difficult.
So, what are we going to do?
I just thought if—
No,
I’m sorry, Haley.
I’m sorry.
I shouldn’t have judged you so harshly.
I shouldn’t have judged you at all.
And I’m sorry for dragging you into this
by twisting what you said.
It’s OK; things happen.
I’ve been on both ends.
I should never have spoken
that way to you, Celia
—I mean, to either of you.
I’ve got to get home to Nana.
I’ll call you tomorrow.
Bye.
Hey, it’s me.
I’ve been thinking of you.
Great broadcast.
How did you like the new original song?
Give us a call.
I wish she’d give it a rest.
Sorry?
Oh, nothing.
Sorry, it’s just Emily
for the millionth time.
What’s the problem, love?
There’s no problem.
It’s just . . .
. . . difficult to let her back in?
Not that simple?
Not that simple.
You want to forgive . . .
. . . but not get burned again.
Keep in mind
that a chance to forgive
is a chance to imitate Jehovah.
We wouldn’t want to miss that opportunity.
I never thought about it like that.
Think back to a time
when you wanted forgiveness
—when it meant everything.
How did it feel?
. . . just like your Nana does as well.
She really deeply cares about you.
You feel awful
that you’ve let everyone down.
You’re very precious.
Thank you.
Then they forgive you,
and suddenly everything is OK.
Emily, sorry I haven’t been back to you.
Have plans for tomorrow?
I just need a bit of help.
What do you think I should do
for my winter collection?
Well, I don’t know,
but I love what you did with your new stuff,
especially
this set.
Oh, thanks.
You’ve all given me so many great ideas.
Yeah, but you make them.
Yeah.
OK, girls.
You love it.
Oh, this is my song.
Mine too.
“You have a treasured place
“in Jehovah’s house;
“He’ll help you out [out].
And you have . . .”
Oh, I sing like a crow.
No, stop!
I’ll tell you who else thinks it’s her song,
but you’d better have earplugs handy
—Veronica.
Oh, my goodness!
She’s in love with her own voice.
Ever sit near her at the hall?
It’s like she’s the only one that can sing.
And she’s such a diva.
My first thought:
‘Oh, no! Here we go again!
I’ve seen this movie before.’
You don’t think she’s showing off?
Is this just about Haley?
It seems it’s all about Haley.
Is there just a little bit of envy in there?
I’ve lived it.
If it’s a case of her being more careful
how she comes across,
that’s another matter.
What did she suggest?
That I should tell her
that she needs to stop.
Can you believe that?
Especially as a pioneer,
what kind of example is she setting?
How quickly it snowballs out of control!
That’s not what I am saying at all.
You are such . . .
Wow! I can’t believe you.
Are you that lonely
that you’ve got nothing better to do?
Haley!
How difficult it can be to unravel!
I’m sorry.
I shouldn’t have judged you so harshly.
I shouldn’t have judged you at all.
A chance to forgive
is a chance to imitate Jehovah.
Think back to a time
when you wanted forgiveness.
Has anyone ever tried talking to her
about her singing?
You know what I love about Veronica?
She’s probably the most hospitable person
I know.
It’s always open house at her place.
And can she cook!
Have you tried her curry?
I haven’t tried it yet.
Yeah, it’s so good.
It’s so good.
I really look forward to that.
It’s really good.
OK, I’ll ask her.
She does these curry nights.
Oh, you’re going to love it.